What was the best part of your day?
What did you do to help someone else today?
What is one thing you are grateful for today?
What is one thing you could have done better today?
If you had this week to do over again, what would you do differently?
What’s the last thing that made you laugh?
Tell me about something that made you happy today.
If you could go anywhere for dinner tomorrow, where would you go?
Have you been to any great new restaurants lately?
How are things going at work?
What kind of projects are you working on recently?
How was your day?
What absolutely excites you right now?
What is your present state of mind?
If you could do anything you wanted tonight, what would you do and why?
What habit would you like to break?
If you were going to start a new weekly or monthly tradition, what would that be?
What’s something you looked forward to all day?
What was the most important thing you did today?
What gave you the most joy today?
What caused you the most inner conflict and stress today?
What are you grateful for today?
What did you learn today?
What do you need to let go today?
How are you feeling right now?
Where is your attention going right now?
What did you discover new about yourself?
What can you do better tomorrow?
How did you make others feel today?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
What made you particularly proud today?
How much stress did you experience today?
What made you smile today?
Did you do something that was out your comfort zone today?
How was your mood with others today and how can you improve it?
How well did you communicate with others today and how can you do this better?
What was your most challenging moment of the day and why? How will you respond next time?
What was your best moment today and how can you have more moments like it?
What made you smile today?
Can you tell me an example of kindness you saw/showed?
Was there an example of unkindness today? How did you respond?
Did anyone do anything silly to make you laugh?
Did you do anything creative?
Did you help anyone today?
Did you tell anyone “thank you”?
Who did you sit with at lunch?
What made you laugh today?
Who inspired you today?
What was the peak and the pit of the day?
What was your least favorite part of the day?
Was anyone at work gone today?
Did you ever feel unsafe today?
What is something you heard that surprised you?
What is something you saw that made you think?
Tell me something you know today that you didn't know yesterday.
What is something that challenged you?
How did someone fill your bucket today? Whose bucket did you fill?
Did you like your lunch?
Rate your day on a scale from 1-10.
Did anyone get in trouble today?
How were you brave today?
What questions did you ask at school today?
Tell us your top two things from the day
What are you looking forward to tomorrow?
What was the hardest rule to follow today?
Teach me something I don’t know.
If you could change one thing about your day, what would it be?
Who did you share your snacks with at lunch?
What made your teacher smile? What made her frown?
What kind of person were you today?
What made you feel happy? 
What made you feel proud?
What made you feel loved?
Did you learn any new words today?
If you could switch seats with anyone in class, who would it be? And why?